Reformatted VS Code documentation (#1601)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/ides/visual-studio-code/vscode-manual-configuration.md

---
type: docs

> title: "Visual Studio Code manual configuration"

Reviewer: This page only speaks to debugging related configurations correct? if so a better title would be "... manual debugging configuration"

> linkTitle: "Visual Studio Code manual configuration"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "Manual debugging"
```

Reviewer 2: This one I think is best as "Manual debugging" as it's shorter and won't word wrap on narrow screens

> linkTitle: "Visual Studio Code manual configuration"

Reviewer: For LinkTitle, we try to keep it short. This is already in the context of "Visual Studio Code" so can drop that from the prefix (also add "debugging" per the other comment)

weight: 30000

> description:  "Information on how to setup Visual Studio Code debugging manually"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description:  "How to manually setup Visual Studio Code debugging"
```

---

> If instead of using the Dapr VS Code extension you wish to configure a project to use Dapr in the [tasks.json](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/tasks) and [launch.json](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging) files these are the manual steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Dapr VSCode extension]({{< ref vscode-dapr-extension.md >}}) automates the setup of [VSCode debugging](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging).

If instead you wish to manually configure the `[tasks.json](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/tasks)` and `[launch.json](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/debugging)` files to use Dapr, these are the steps.
```

> When developing Dapr applications, you typically use the dapr cli to start your daprized service similar to this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When developing Dapr applications, you typically use the Dapr cli to start your daprized service similar to this:
```

---
type: docs
title: "Visual Studio Code manual debugging configuration"

> linkTitle: "Manual debugging configuration"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "Manual debugging"
```

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> Since you didn't launch the service(s) using the **dapr** ***run*** cli command, but instead by running **daprd**, the **dapr** ***list*** command will not show a list of apps that are currently running.

Reviewer 3: Read through this document and make sure this is still relevant and works. For example using the CLI to generate a components folder is wrong here (this is an old feature). It looks like this section needs updating. At the same time remove all usage of the word "will" it is better to write in the present tense, rather than the future tense.

Author: Sounds good, I should've checked that!

Author: Finished checking that the information is accurate, it's pretty much what the scaffold task in the extension does. It doesn't rely on Dapr instead uses daprd to to launch a service when the debug play button is used. Removed the 'will' from every spot except were it makes sense in the disclaimer at the bottom talking about the Dapr List lack of identifying daprd instances. Resolving this.
